# ica_5010
Independent Component Analysis project for SDSS Spectra

File Descriptions:

ica_spec_get.py : This script will download the spectra data FITS files from SDSS.

ica_png_get.py : This script downloads the attendant PNG spectra files.

line_table.dat : This is a table of emission lines for the fitting program to
  attempt to fit Gaussian models to. It only has 8 lines known for being broad.

line_table_full.dat: This is a table of emission lines for the plotting programs
  to label in the event I want to plot a spectra with line labels. Has more lines
  than line_table.dat, including narrow lines the fitting program shouldn't attempt
  to fit.

spec-7294-56739-0021.fits : Spectral data file from SDSS. This is what the spectra
  base files look like. Included as an example data file.

spec-7294-56739-0021-reduced.fits : A modified version of the spectral data file
  with the smoothed fluxes and legendre fit parameters recorded so I didn't have to
  do the fit everytime I wanted to plot something. Generated by a function in
  rolling_boxcar.ipynb

spec_plot.py : A deprecated early version of the plotting function. Included for
  historical purposes.

spec_plot2.ipynb : A deprecated early version of the plotting and smoothing
  function. This is no longer used and has been supplanted by rolling_boxcar.ipynb

bench_test.py : A program to read all of the benchmark files output by the boxcar
  notebook. Will output computation time histograms and can be easily modified
  for other analyses.

poster_plot.py : This script generates spectra plots for the poster. It is copied
  functionality from rolling_boxcar.ipynb as Jupyter notebooks are not easily
  usable for generating png files for exportation.

emcee_pplot.py : This script generates a fitted spectral line and the corner plot
  for that fit from emcee. It is copied functionality from rolling_boxcar.ipynb
  as Jupyter notebooks are not easily usable for generating png files for
  exportation.

# Main file:
rolling_boxcar.ipynb : not deployed yet. Will be soon.
